README.md, before:

# plasma-applet-netspeed-widget

Plasma 5 widget that displays the currently used network bandwidth.

![Screen shot of plasma-applet-netspeed-widget](netspeed-widget.png)

Dependencies:

* plasma-addons

## Installation

### From openDesktop.org

1. Go to [https://www.opendesktop.org/p/998895/](https://www.opendesktop.org/p/998895/)
2. Click on the `Files` tab
3. Click the `Install` button

### From within the Plasma workspace

1. If your widgets are locked, right-click the desktop and select `Unlock Widgets`
2. Right-click the desktop and select `Add Widgets...`
3. Click the `Get new widgets` button in the Widget Explorer that just opened
4. Type `Netspeed Widget` into the search field
5. Click the `Install` button next to "Netspeed Widget"

### From source

```bash
git clone https://github.com/dfaust/plasma-applet-netspeed-widget
cd plasma-applet-netspeed-widget
mkdir build
cd build
cmake -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=/usr ..
make
sudo make install
```

Dependencies:

* plasma-framework-devel

Commit message:

Make quicklaunch an optional dependency
Fixes #21

README.md, after:

# plasma-applet-netspeed-widget

Plasma 5 widget that displays the currently used network bandwidth.

![Screen shot of plasma-applet-netspeed-widget](netspeed-widget.png)

Optional dependencies:

* plasma-addons

  May be called plasma5-addons or similar. Used to launch a user defined application when the applet is clicked.

## Installation

### From openDesktop.org

1. Go to [https://www.opendesktop.org/p/998895/](https://www.opendesktop.org/p/998895/)
2. Click on the `Files` tab
3. Click the `Install` button

### From within the Plasma workspace

1. If your widgets are locked, right-click the desktop and select `Unlock Widgets`
2. Right-click the desktop and select `Add Widgets...`
3. Click the `Get new widgets` button in the Widget Explorer that just opened
4. Type `Netspeed Widget` into the search field
5. Click the `Install` button next to "Netspeed Widget"

### From source

```bash
git clone https://github.com/dfaust/plasma-applet-netspeed-widget
cd plasma-applet-netspeed-widget
mkdir build
cd build
cmake -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=/usr ..
make
sudo make install
```

Dependencies:

* plasma-framework-devel
